WIP: Proposed semantic markup (#73137)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.rst

.. note::
    - To refer to a group of modules in a collection, use ``R()``.  When a collection is not the right granularity, use ``C(..)``:

        - ``Refer to the R(community.kubernetes collection, plugins_in_community.kubernetes) for information on managing kubernetes clusters.``
        - ``The C(win_*) modules (spread across several collections) allow you to manage various aspects of windows hosts.``

.. note::

   Because it stands out better, use ``seealso`` for general references over the use of notes or adding links to the description.

Semantic markup within module documentation
-------------------------------------------

You can use semantic markup to highlight option names, option values, and environment variables. The publication process formats these terms in a uniform way. With semantic markup, we can change the look of the output without changing the underlying code. The correct formats for semantic markup are:

> * ``O()`` for option names, whether mentioned alone or with values. For example: ``Required if O(state=present).`` and ``Use with O(force) to require secure access.``

Reviewer: I like this. Separates out "why I want to achieve" from "how it's achieved".
Would make reviewing PRs easier

* ``V()`` for option values when mentioned alone. For example: ``Possible values include V(monospace) and V(pretty).``
* ``E()`` for environment variables. For example: ``If not set, the environment variable E(ACME_PASSWORD) will be used.``

Format macros within module documentation
-----------------------------------------

> You can also use standard Python formatting to control the look of other terms in module documentation. Use these macros sparingly. The available macros include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use some macros to control the look of other terms in module documentation. Use these macros sparingly. The available macros include:
```
This has nothing to do with Python :)
